Hey, good morning family. Praise the Lord. Thank you for joining me today.
Well, I don't even really know what to say about all this, the whole Elon Musk-Trump thing.
And they're saying, people are all like, "Hey, Brandon, you hit it right on.
You said all this and everything."Folks, I'm going to tell you, it's all about God here.
We're excited about that. He's given us these things to pray about.
I deflect. I told you we stay vertical. But I'm going to tell you this.
The Lord told me this morning, he said, "Just because it's public knowledge today, what I've been talking to you about in private doesn't mean you camp there.
I have much more to share with you about what's to come. You must warn my body.
You must tell them that I'm coming, Brandon. You must tell them.
If you don't have a saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ and you understand that he loves you, he died for you, he rose again on the third day, and that he has a plan for your life, you're in trouble."That's the most important thing that I can ever tell you out of any prophetic word that I ever give on this channel is: do you know the Lord Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior?
That's all that matters. Nothing else matters. If you die today, where will you spend eternity? That's what I have to ask you today.
All the other stuff—"But Brandon, you see about the volcanoes, all these other things"—it doesn't matter if you die today, right?
All you need to know is, "Do I have Jesus Christ?"And I want to drive that home before I start.
You must know him, and he must know you. So, do I believe Elon Musk has good intentions?
People want to ask me, "Do you think he's trying to save America?
Do you think..."Folks, I told you I believe the man is building the mark of the beast with Neuralink.
I told you that Starlink is going to communicate with Neuralink.
All the signs of the times are happening. I told you Elon Musk had Nephilim behind him.
And I hope I said that right this time, Nephilim, those demonic spirits.
It wasn't that he was being influenced by a demonic-looking devil that the Lord told me was a Nephilim, right?
So, he's like a hybrid. The way he thinks is not normal. Do you understand what I'm trying to tell you all?
So, he's building the beast system. He's building the mark of the beast.
He's building, I believe, the technical stuff for it—for the chip to put in you, for the satellites to communicate.
So we're seeing all that stuff coming about. Then he comes out, and I said he'll come out as a good guy.
Look at how he comes out. Everybody loves him. He's a great guy.
You know, we pray for his soul. We pray for his salvation. We pray that the Lord Jesus Christ saves him.
He could help the kingdom of God with Starlink. We know he could.
But really, I know of the foundation of crypto. I've warned you all about all these things that are coming.
There are secret ties to other nations with this man. There are dark things that people do not realize.
Elon Musk is coming out and saying all these things about the budget, the $5 trillion.
Well, you're trying to sink America. America's done, folks.
You may not like what I'm about to say, but the beast system, the mark of the beast system, the digital platform is being ushered in at a freight-train rate right now.
Do you understand? The dollar is done. I need you to hear me. The dollar is done.
And they know it's done. Jerome Powell knows there's nothing they can do to save this economy.
No matter how much Trump tries to pump things up and tell you that we're going to save America and make America great again, America is going into the beast system.
I need you to hear me. We may have a window of opportunity of what I'm praying for and what I continue to tell you.
God wants to give each and every single one of you, a remnant that are watching me right now, a window of opportunity to get your house in order because the great day of destruction, great days of tribulation, the birthing pains are upon us, and he's giving you a window to get stuff ready.
The $5 trillion—the reason why Trump, they're like, "The ship's sinking, folks, let's go down with the party."Do you understand?
They know there's nothing they can do. We're already at like almost 40-some trillion dollars in debt, right?
What's another five trillion? Can you turn it around at 40 trillion?
Do you know how much money it would take to turn that around? How much interest and all the things that it takes?
But it's not just about America; it's a worldwide economic disaster from China to Japan to all these nations.
And what's going to come in the days ahead, remember what I'm telling you, you need to hear me, is a digital platform through crypto, and it will be the mark of the beast eventually, but they have to introduce it.
A spoonful of sugar makes the medicine go down. They'll bring it out a little at a time.
They'll bring it out and they're going to get a foundation laid, and it will be through certain cryptos.
And I've told you I pray over XRP, XLM, the banking sector, the banking stuff.
Watch the AI. Pay attention to AI. AI is the new industrial revolution.
Everything that AI is doing is bringing forth a new system, and it is exploding at such a rapid speed that they won't be able to keep up with it.
It will start to think on its own in a way that we can't comprehend.
Like, you think Terminator was a big deal? This is what I'm talking about.
A beast system is playing out in front of your eyes. Folks, Jesus is coming.
Jesus is coming. He warned us that all these things would happen.
Now, we are about to see—I want you to listen to me—we are about to see the Ezekiel 38 and 39 war.
Gog and Magog, Russia, and I believe it's Turkey, Iran, and Syria will be involved.
You're going to see an escalation of war in the days ahead. The Ezekiel 38 and 39 war is about to happen very soon.
So we see Vladimir Putin and Kim Jong-un making an alliance, and Kim Jong-un is basically saying that he is going to, at all costs, do whatever it takes to go and back up Vladimir Putin with the war.
This is exactly what the spirit of the Lord warned you was going to take place.
And I saw men from North Korea on trains being shipped over to Ukraine.
And this will escalate this even more into World War III. And you will see North Korea back Russia with men.
I saw farmers, men that were not trained to fight, and they were slaughtered on the battlefield. This is very serious.
In the days ahead, I saw NATO coming in agreement, like with the UK and other nations, all coming together to try to defeat Putin.
They want a boogeyman, do you understand? They're wanting to escalate this.
They need war; it stimulates the economy. There are things that happen, right?
But Macron will come across as a Hitler in the days ahead, and he will be a very big voice of people saying he will be a major mouthpiece in this end-time war: Macron.
And when this takes place, everybody's watching and thinking he's the Antichrist, but the Lord said to me, "Brandon, he is not the Antichrist.
He is an Ishmael."For the Antichrist is behind the door, behind a curtain—the Mahdi. They will call him the Mahdi.
He is a Muslim man, and he is behind a curtain, and he's being groomed by the devil right now as we speak.
He's being prepared to come on the world stage. Many people do not know this.
They think, "Well, it's Macron. It's Obama. It's all..."No, these are not the Antichrist. The Antichrist is being groomed.
So, if Macron is the Ishmael, that means he's really going to rise up in power in the days ahead, and then he'll fade away a little, or be taken out or something.
I don't know. But I know that the main man is behind a curtain right now. He's not been revealed.
And I believe—I've always told you who that man is—and he's coming on the world stage saying, "I'll cause peace with Israel."I'll cause peace.
Let's have friends with Syria. Let's do all these things."Right? That's MBS. I warned you about MBS.
I've told you to pray over MBS, that you won't be deceived by this man. Maybe I'm wrong about it.
I've been wrong about some things, but I'm going to tell you in my spirit, I still pray over this.
So, is there any hope for the dollar? I don't see any long-term hope.
No long-term hope. It's all setting up for a beast system. So, there's that part of it.
So, is Elon Musk wrong by saying what he says? No. No. So, the other part, the Epstein list.
Do I believe that Trump is on the Epstein list? I don't doubt that he is, but I don't believe it's with a minor.
I do not believe in my spirit that it's with a minor. It doesn't justify being on the list, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm not justifying it, but I'm trying to say, is it criminal activity to prosecute him and get him impeached for it? That's the question you have to ask. I don't see that.
If they would have already had that information through the last administration and saw his name on that list, he would already be in handcuffs.
You have to say the man would already be arrested. But if it wasn't with a minor, then they can't prosecute him. So that has to show.
Elon Musk coming out and saying he's on the Epstein list—I don't doubt that he could be, but is it prosecutable?
That's what you have to ask. So, it's just a smear campaign. You know, "You didn't do what I told you to do.
You didn't help me out with my mandate on my Teslas and the electric EV mandate, and you're not helping me out.
You didn't give me..."So, the honeymoon's over, right? The rat that I've always warned you about—the rat is coming out of who he really is.
It is what it is, folks. And I pray for his salvation. I'm not here to be a cyberbully and go, "You're this, you're that."No, we pray for the man.
We intercede for him to get born again. But my job is to warn you of that which is to come, warning the people, warning the president.
And so, what else did you see, Brandon? "So I saw a man that's in the Pentagon that is a rat.
I saw different people in there that are rats. I can't go into depth about that.
If the government was to reach out, like Trump's cabinet, and they would ask me anything, I would tell them.
But I just feel some of these things I see, it's not wise to talk about over an open air.
It's a white man. So, I'll just leave that there. But you know what? God's got this, folks. And the sky is not falling.
No matter what you see in the news in the days ahead from Elon trying to badger him, I warned you.
Elon Musk was put in a position that I saw, in DOGE, that he saw things that he shouldn't have.
That's what I'll say. There'll be more things that come out in the news about this in the days ahead.
More of a smear campaign. And I've touched on it enough today.
I think that's enough. I don't feel peace about going down that road.
So what are we waiting for? What are we watching for right now?
We're looking for what the Lord has for us today. Like I said, this is old news.
Everything that I've talked about now is old news. Watch Cuba.
The Lord, when I got that prophetic word—all of it on my archives, private stuff that I never released publicly—the Lord said, "Watch Cuba.
Remember the Cuban missile crisis. Watch Russia in Cuba. Remember this.
Behind closed doors, there are things that you do not know. A red dawn experience is coming.
The enemy within—a Trojan horse. Many think this is terrorist-related, but it is not.
It is an act of war within. They have infiltrated over the last four years of our last administration.
Thank you, Joe Biden. They are here, and you'll remember this in the days ahead. We must pray for our protection.
You must pray that you're always in the right place at the right time—not in fear, but listening to that still small voice inside of you.
For many people in the days ahead, if you are not listening to the Spirit of the Lord, the peace following that peace—if you feel funny about it, like 'I don't feel like we should go here,'listen to it.
It could cost you your life. You need to hear the Lord on where to be.
He said, 'Don't go to work.'Remember 9/11? Don't go to work today.
Many people didn't show up because, I remember hearing stories of Christians who said, 'I didn't feel good about it,'or 'I got delayed and I didn't show up on time.'Sometimes there are divine delays.
Sometimes God puts divine delays in your path to protect you.
So you need to know the voice of the Father in these last days.
And how do you do that? By praying, by seeking Him, by reading your Bible.
And if He tells you, 'Don't go to that baseball game'—remember I told you I saw drones.
Remember I said I saw drones with C4 on them flying into big stadiums and being set off.
Remember, I saw major football games and baseball games, when people are distracted watching a game, I saw drones coming in with explosives and doing these things.
The Lord told me there's a major event that's about to take place. Everything we know will change within a 24-hour period.
You'll wake up one day, and when that happens, it will be such a major event that takes place that everything—just like 9/11 was.
I need you to know this. Just like 9/11, it changed the course of history.
It changed the world. And there's a major event that's about to take place.
You need to watch for these ten cities. These ten cities, they've not disappeared.
I've warned you. Even when I was on Alex Jones'show, I warned everybody of ten cities.
They have infiltrated ten cities, and these men have not disappeared.
What will they do? Just remember what I've told you all. We still pray over these things.
I see way in advance, folks. Remember, the things the Lord warns you about is so we can pray about it as a family. It's not so it happens the next day.
Sometimes it does, but a lot of things the Lord says, 'I'm going to give you time because I know people are lazy and they don't want to pray.'A lot of people.
So, 'I'll give you months ahead, I'll give you a year ahead to warn you of that which is to come.'Watch these next several months through the summer.
We pray over the fourteenth, we pray over the Fourth of July, we pray over any kind of major gatherings of people, and we pray protection that no harm would come nigh any human being at all.
And we pray for revival to break across America and around this world, that a major outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord would show up and show off in a way that we've never seen before, that we would have a great harvest of souls, all for the kingdom of God.
We know that the Lord has warned me about a major virus coming, a major virus that's worse than the Black Death that happened in the 1300s, I believe is when it was.
A major plague that will be created by AI technology, that there will be no vaccination for, that is designed to wipe out people that are obese.
Remember this. I don't say that to scare you. My word, I say that to prepare you.
Can you pray against it? I pray against it, but I've seen it keep...
it's still coming. It's still coming. And I'm not scared of it.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord, ladies and gentlemen. That's that. But we pray.
This is what the Lord said to me: 'If you don't know Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 in the days ahead, you won't make it.'What does that say?
That's how bold He is to me. That's what my intimate conversations with Him are.
'Brandon, if you don't have an understanding of who you are in Me in the days ahead, for great dark days are coming.
It will be like a quarter.'Ladies and gentlemen, I've said this so many times. It will be like a quarter. It's that thin.
There'll be gross darkness that you can touch on one side and great light on the other, and they will coexist together.
You'll see the light rising up upon the church and you'll see great darkness upon the world. You can choose to look at either one.
You can go horizontal and let things of this earth get to you, and you'll live in fear, and it'll freak you out and everything.
Or you can go vertical and keep your eyes on Jesus. It's a choice.
We cannot focus on the darkness. We focus on the light, and in Him, that He is the light.
He is love, and He's coming back for His church. But He told us these things would come before He came.
So let's pray. Let's pray together, and let's see if the Lord—He said, 'I have more things to show you.
Don't camp here.'So I rehearse everything for the new people, and then we go into the river.
So who wants to go tubing? That's what I always say. Who wants to go tubing with me?
I know it's a serious time, but this is lighthearted to me. This is just fellowship.
And He'll tell us what's to come, folks. But we don't have to be all, 'Oh, the sky is falling.'No, it's not.
The sky is not falling. We have Jesus. And we're looking up, for our redemption draws nigh.
But we come to Him boldly as His children, and He shows you that which is to come.
And I believe He wants to show us things. He may not today. He may, I don't know. It's what He says.
But we know that He loves us, and He'll never leave us, and He'll never forsake us.
But we always take communion here as a family. We always go before Him with communion before we pray. So we lift up this body before You, Father.
And we thank You for the greatest outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord this world has ever seen before the end is coming.
And I believe, God, that we're about to see great demonstrations and manifestations of the glory of God. I take this body in the name of Jesus.
And I thank You, Lord, that You were wounded for our transgressions, You were bruised for our iniquities, the chastisement of our peace was upon You, and with Your stripes, Lord, we are healed.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus. And I thank You, Father, that no weapon formed against us is going to prosper.
And I take this body and I say, 'God, I am healed. I am whole. I am well because of what You did on that cross for me.
Thank You, Lord.'The Bible says that Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law, and in Galatians, Christ has redeemed me from the curse of the law.
And I'm not under the curse anymore because of what Jesus did on that cross—not the beautiful cross, but what He did on it was beautiful, what He did for us.
Thank You, Lord. Thank You, Lord, for what You did. Thank You, Lord, for dying for me.
Thank You, Lord, that You rose again. Thank You, Lord, that I'm set free.
We take this body in the name of Jesus, and we take it boldly because we're His kids and this is what He said to do in remembrance of what He did for us.
Thank You, Lord. Thank You, Lord. We take it. We take it, Lord.
Thank You, Jesus. Now, Lord, we thank You for the blood. We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us. We thank You, Lord.
He said if you confess your sins, He is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
And I take this blood right now, and I thank You, Lord, that my sins are washed in the blood of Jesus.
You took it all for me. You are the sinless and You are perfect, and You were slain for every single one of us. Thank You, Lord. Thank You for Your blood.
Thank You that I plead the blood over my children, over my wife, over my finances, over all of it, God, that I'm always in the right place at the right time, doing exactly what You've asked me to do.
And I take the blood, and I apply it over any satanic or witchcraft—nothing comes nigh us.
Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it; it falls to the ground.
It will not bear fruit in our lives because we're under the blood.
We thank You, Lord. 'What can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again? Nothing but the blood of Jesus.'Do you believe that today?
It makes us whole. It makes us white as snow. Jesus cleanses us from head to toe.
Glory to God. Thank You for what You did for us, Father. We take this blood in the name of Jesus.
Hallelujah. You should get excited about it. He took care of it all for us.
And Father, we just come up boldly to Your throne right now. Father, I sit at Your feet.
If I could just sit with You a while. I need You to hold me moment by moment till forever passes by.
If I could just sit with You a while, I need You to hold me moment by moment till forever passes by.
Lord, we come so boldly into Your throne today. If I could just sit with You a while today, Lord, if I could just sit with You a while.
We trust You, Father. I need You to hold me. There's no rush. There's just peace.
Everything else doesn't matter. Your agenda for today—what do you have to do today that's so important?
We're in a hurry to go nowhere. We're in a hurry to go nowhere.
All that matters is what we're about to do and spend eternity sitting at His feet, listening to His breath.
What does He have to say today to us? You don't put God in a time crunch: 'You must speak in this five minutes or I'm out of here.'Then bye.
He will not speak. You don't treat Him that way. Where He is at is in the still, small voice, not in the rush.
It's the peace that passes all understanding. It's learning to tell your flesh to shut up.
'Shut up, flesh. I am not going to allow you to rise up and know you've got all these things to do today.
Oh my goodness.'No, no, no, no. Peace. He's in the peace. He's in the still, small voice.
Moment by moment till forever passes by. Lord, if I could just sit with You a while, I need You to hold me.
It's like a dance. We always said, 'Lord, it's like a dance. You lead, we follow.'Father, You're my dad, like a father would love on his child.
Today, Father, we sit in Your lap, not worried about all the things of this world.
We take our care out of our prayer and we just sit at Your feet.
'When I cannot feel, when my wounds don't heal, Lord, I humbly kneel hidden in You.'Thank You, Father.
It is Jesus. It is Jesus. We need more, Father, revelation of who You are.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord who was and is and is to come. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord who was and is and is to come.
Taylor, focus on the task at hand. For many distractions are coming. Many distractions are coming.
There'll be many distractions coming in the days ahead to pull your attention away from Him—so many things on the news, so many things happening.
There'll be great signs coming in the days ahead. You must pay attention to the Father right now, for many distractions are coming.
Fearful sights you will see that will bring many men to their knees.
Keep your eyes upon Him. He said 'me,'but I'm saying it's not me.
Him. Him. Keep your eyes upon Him. In the days ahead, there'll be all this stuff on the news.
I see dust, I see bombs, I see buildings. Remember, keep your eyes upon Him. People have a tendency when they see it to camp around news.
It would be like during 9/11; they spent hours watching the news because of what's being reported.
Great distractions are coming, not that we care for the fallen, but this is a time that you press in so that you're in the right place at the right time.
I hear such a warning. I hear such a warning. I hear echoing, 'Keep your vessel filled.
Keep your vessel filled.'For the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
Keep your vessel filled. Being an unfilled vessel makes you unusable.
Do you understand? It's like He wants to be you. He wants to move through you.
And if you're weak and anemic, you've got to have a backbone like a crowbar.
You've got to be filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost in these days ahead.
Do you understand? I've seen things being uncovered. Things being uncovered.
Look for the opportune times every day. Look for the opportune times every day.
The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few. Those that are around you, I see them.
They're at the grocery stores. They're at the Walmarts. They're at the places you go buy groceries.
Do you see? There are so many people that you can be a light to every day.
There are so many people that you can show love to every day. Sometimes it's just a smile.
These are great days of seriousness. My voice will become clearer, more clear, as you draw near.
'As you draw near,'that's what He said. People, I hear them, and they—I hear them—'It's not clear.
It's not clear.'The more you draw near, the clearer it will become.
Many are still asleep. I see there's a bed and I see people asleep.
And He said, 'Many are asleep.'Many still are asleep. But a great awakening is about to take place.
A great awakening. For the alarm clock is about to sound even louder.
Do you hear? It is about to go even louder, and a great shaking to awaken.
I see a body. I see the vision. This is what I see. And I see Him shaking the body.
I see Him shaking the child in the bed saying, 'Wake up. Wake up.
Wake up. Wake up. This is where it's at. The alarm's going off.
The alarm is going off in the background on this nightstand.'And I see the nightstand.
And I see the clock is at... I see the clock is at... And in this vision, I see the clock is at...
And the Lord said, 'It's time to wake up.'But you didn't hear the bell.
You did not hear the bell. And therefore, a great shaking to awaken on another level will come.
For you are still asleep, but you must come out of the slumber.
You must come out of the slumber. For this dispensation of grace is coming to an end.
For you will see it come to an end. Tribulation is right at our doorstep.
Do you understand? Many are still asleep. Many are still asleep, but they won't be.
But they won't be. No more excuses. No more excuses. I hear Him say, 'No more excuses.
No more excuses for what's about to happen.'You will wake up.
For what's about to take place, many will wake up. But you that are awake, you that are awake, be ready.
Be ready. Be ready. For the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
Be ready. It's all hands on deck. It's all hands on deck for what's about to take place.
Oh, these will be days of fun. These will be days of fun, for it's just begun.
You'll see the entering in like I'm warning you. I'm warning you for 24 hours. In 24, have anticipation. Have anticipation.
I hear the Lord say, 'Have anticipation to walk in the divine manifestations.'Do you hear?
Have anticipation to walk in the divine manifestations, the manifestations of the glory is what He's talking about.
Seeing and knowing, hearing, creative miracles, signs, and wonders will follow them that believe.
And you will do things that they've never seen before, creative miracles that they've never seen before, demonstrations and manifestations of the glory they've never seen before.
Remember, the shekinah glory cloud is an old thing. 'I'm going to do a new thing,'He says.
'I'm going to do a new thing.'Remember the breeze. I see the breeze.
I see the wind. I see tangible wind in services blowing people's hair.
A wind like the upper room. I hear the wind. It came as a sound of a mighty rushing wind.
But I'm talking about a wind, an actual wind blowing people's hair.
Not weird, but the glory. A whirlwind. A whirlwind. Press in here today.
Press in right here. Press right here for the manifestations.
Press right here for the manifestation. For it has to be coming out of the spirit.
Come out of the spirit into the natural. We are coming out of it in Jesus'name.
We pour it down in Jesus'name. With much prayer today. With much prayer today.
No, no, no. I see a great orchestra. Some are the brass, some the drums, some the cymbals, some the tubas.
Usually I see the orchestra. One is not less than the other. Each one plays a vital part of this great symphony.
So one doesn't look better than the other. Without the cymbal, the whole thing doesn't sound as beautiful as it could.
Don't look at yourself as less than. The Lord says, 'Look at yourself as a vital piece of My puzzle.'You are a vital piece of His puzzle. He says, 'You're not less than.
One plays the flute, one plays the harp, one plays this, but we all make beautiful music together as a body.'Do you understand what I hear today?
Flow as My body. Flow in unity together. Flow in unity together.
Make music together. Don't be in competition with this brother or this sister.
'Well, they operate in a gift better than me, so they're more important than me.'No.
He says—I hear Him say—'You are all beautiful parts of My puzzle.
One may look like it's more shiny, but it doesn't make it more valuable.
You're all valuable together. Walking in love. Walking in love. Walking in love.
Walking in love.'The unity that you will rise to will be like a symphony.
A beautiful instrument to My ears. A beautiful sound to My ears.
This is what I call. This is what I have. We're assembling together.
We're assembling together. As you see the day approaching, assemble more together. Do you see? Assembling together.
Assembling together, making music together, adding one part, all the different parts.
Paul in Hebrews says, 'Not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together, as the manner of some is, but exhorting one another, and so much the more as ye see the day approaching.'As you see the day approaching.
Say it again. 'Not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together, as is the manner of some, but exhorting one another, and so much the more as ye see the day approaching.'Yes, this is the Lord.
That's what He's talking about. He's saying that scripture. I'm trying to make it clear.
And then the New Living Translation says, 'And let us not neglect our meeting together, as some people do, but encourage one another, especially now that the day of His return is drawing near.'Yep.
Hebrews 10. That's the scripture He's using. So He says the assembling together is like a symphony.
Assembling together is like a symphony. And as one brings these parts, we all bring a part into the body.
We all bring a part into these services with this great outpouring.
You say, 'Well, your part's not important.'No, your part is vital to the puzzle. Your piece is vital to the puzzle.
If your piece is missing in this assembling, it does not look like a complete picture.
I hear the spirit of the Lord say, 'Each one of My kids is important.
Each one of you is important to Him. One is not more important than the other.
If you are not there, My puzzle is not complete.'He looks at each one like a puzzle piece.
Each child has a special part to play. Each one of us is assembled together to make a beautiful puzzle today.
But you make beautiful music together. You're His kids. He looks at us as a family.
And people don't look at it that way, but I see it as a family. But if you don't have one of your siblings there versus the other, it's missing.
You see? But He looks at all of it together as flowing as a family.
And He said, 'I'm assembling it together.'I'm putting them together.
You are our symphony, a unity in my body. Unity is what He wants today. For the greater glory will come through unity.
Yea, when they were in the upper room, they were with one sound and one accord.
He's talking about that scripture being one sound in Acts chapter 2.
And they were in one voice. But the oneness came by My Son—the blood.
Walls of division, walls of strife, they're sent by the enemy to divide us all.
You've got to be standing more tall. Come up higher with the fire. Unity.
See, He's saying you're laying a foundation that will be built upon unity, built upon you coming together.
The greater outpouring in the things of My Spirit will be built together with unity.
There are no lone rangers. It's a body. Well, you know, 'He's off doing...'No, no, no.
Let me read it. On the day of Pentecost, all the believers were meeting together in one place.
Suddenly, there was a sound from heaven like the roaring of a mighty windstorm, and it filled the house where they were sitting.
Then, what looked like flames or tongues of fire appeared and settled on each of them.
And everyone present was filled with the Holy Spirit and began speaking in other languages as the Holy Spirit gave them this ability.
But they were all together and they were of one mind. They were one body. They were in unity.
When the King James says, 'When the day of Pentecost had come, they were all together in one place.
And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled the house.'Read the scripture above it, the verse above it or the first one.
'And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place.'There.
He said, 'You're not reading the right one.'I heard Him. He just said, 'Read the one above it.'There it is right there.
Okay, they were all in one accord. Read it again. 'When the day of Pentecost had fully come, they were all with one accord in one place.'That's it.
That's what He's talking about right there. They were all of one accord in one place.
Do you hear what He's saying today? He said they were all in one accord in one place together as a family.
That's what we're praying into today, all in one accord in one place.
That's why the last several times I hear the Spirit of the Lord, 'I'm bringing down racial division.
I'm bringing down strife.'Because they were all in one accord in one place.
You're a vital piece of the puzzle. So, we're praying into the assembling of ourselves together.
It's so important as the days approach to assemble yourself together.
But not just assemble yourself, like 'I'm just there.'No, you're adding your piece, you're adding your music.
What do you play? 'I play the trumpet. I play the horn. I play the saxophone.'We're all adding our piece to the symphony.
And when this comes, they were all in one accord in one place. Read it again.
'When the day of Pentecost had fully come, they were all with one accord in one place.'All in one accord in one place.
So that's where His heart is today, bringing His kids together to build a puzzle.
Each person plays a vital role. No lone rangers, is what He said.
'There are no lone rangers out here. Well, I'm out here. I don't need to be a part of the body.
I don't need to be part of this.'That's what He's saying. You're no lone ranger.
Quit thinking you're a lone ranger. We all make the symphony go.
He's correcting the lone rangers. You say, 'I'm a black sheep. I'm out here.
I'm still working and doing my Father's...'They're in a black sheep costume.
'Well, I don't fit in the fold.'I hear Him say, 'I don't fit in there. You know, they hurt me.
But I'm doing God's work out here.'The Lord said, 'There are no lone rangers.
Make amends, make it right. Find the fold that you fit in today.
For I'm assembling this last mighty move, a great shaking to awaken.'I see that bed again, and there are many people that are asleep. Now, I said pray. Now, I saw new leaders.
He said, 'Pray for My new Davids, My new leaders, to rise up and take their place in the platform.'I hear the Spirit of the Lord say, 'Rise up and take your place, My new Davids.
boldly lead, for there are leaders, but I see a departing of the old and a brand new.
And they're going to help encourage, edify, and lift up the new leaders, passing the baton gracefully.'I see passing the baton gracefully, not hastily, like, 'Here, brother, let me help you.'Your younger generation—not being jealous of the younger generation, but just extolling them: 'You've got this.
I'm behind you. I'm praying for you.'The elders, do you see?
I see it. A graceful transition, for My hand is upon the new Davids.
They must still be taught some things by the elders. You see that?
They don't have it all figured out, just like how you didn't have it all figured out. I hear the Lord say, 'But don't despise them in their youth.
Encourage them and help feed them by the wisdom that you went through, trials that you went through.'Show them.
Help them. We have to work together quickly. We're out of time.
You say, 'Well, they don't have ears to hear. They won't hear what I have to say.'Well, watch out.
He'll open the door to speak in certain ways. He says, 'I will open the door to speak, and you'll interject into those times.
Don't come across overbearing. Teach as the door is open, a little at a time, and there'll be a trust there.'Is there anything else?
Holy Spirit, I feel like to push one more time. And, Abba, Father the finances will come through, too.
You'll lack no good thing. For the finances will be there as the jet fuel to this great revival.
If you're listening to me, I hear Him say, 'For this will propel the revival into the stratosphere.'Out of the stratosphere, I see it like the rocket taking off and breaking out.
But this is the fuel that you'll need. You need not push money away.
This is a tool today. In Exodus 36:6, the Lord is talking about this scripture.
And Moses gave commandment, and they caused it to be proclaimed throughout the camp, saying, 'Let neither man nor woman make any more work for the offering of the sanctuary.'So the people were restrained from bringing.
Moses gave the command, and this message was sent throughout the camp: 'Men and women, don't prepare any more gifts for the sanctuary.
We have enough.'So the people stopped bringing their sacred offerings.
He's talking about having that much of a surplus. Do you hear me?
Their contributions were more than enough to complete the whole project. Yep.
That's how much overflow he wants to bring to you for this last outpouring.
There's too much. We don't need it. There's too much. He said, "Think bigger."That's what I'm hearing.
I heard it right out. That's what he said. You said, "What was the last thing, Brandon?"This is what...
And he said, "Then you can close."He said, "Believe big for the finances for the jet fuel to go out of the stratosphere.
Stop believing so small for this last outpouring of finances, so that it's so much, so real."Yeah.
It says, if you go back a couple more verses, it says in Exodus 36:4, finally the craftsmen who were working on the sanctuary left their work and they went to Moses and reported, "The people have given more than enough materials to complete the job that the Lord has commanded us to do."And then the next verse says, "Then Moses gave the command and sent the message throughout camp: 'Men and women, don't prepare any more gifts for the sanctuary.
We have enough,'so that people stopped bringing their sacred offerings."So he's talking about assembling a body that flows like a body today.
And he's talking about believing for the finances to take this thing off, that it's so much so that there's not room enough to receive it all. Isn't that amazing how he...
because when I'm hearing it, I don't know where it's located, but he's talking about it, and he's telling me the parable in my spirit and he says, "Talk about Moses.
Talk about this. This is where I want you to see. Assemble the body.
No lone rangers."So, his heart today in the prayer assignment today is joining us together and equipping us, ready for what he has for us to do so that we lack no good thing.
Right. Oh Lord, that we lack no good thing. That we lack no good thing. That we're hearing you like a clock ticks.
That the finances are there to do what we need to do to finish this race.
That the finances are there to finish the race, that there's such an abundant supply and we say, "We don't need anybody to bring any more offerings.
We have too much. Our bank accounts are too full."Which is amazing.
I just say that because nowadays, wow. What would that be? Because there's so many people in lack.
Amazing. So, there's so many people in lack, not able to make their bills. But God says, "I want you to have the silver and the gold.
I want you to have this stuff to get this job done so that the jet is out of the stratosphere.
Let's finish strong. Let's finish strong as a body. Let's finish strong as this orchestra and be a puzzle together.
No lone wolves. No lone rangers. Praise God, I'm going to do my own thing.
No, we're a body. Yes. And if you don't like that body, find one you do.
Find where the Holy Spirit has you, that you're not a round peg in a square hole.
Assemble in unity. Yes. That's really amazing how he brought all that together today.
When I'm seeing it, it all flowed. I love it when he does that.
It's like, "Lord, you're so cool when you flow through a vessel."What is on his heart is unity, from the prejudice stuff to this.
Let's join together. It's all fitting as a puzzle. This is what we're doing together today.
Glory to God, Lord. Glory to God, Lord. Thank you, Lord, that it's so.
Thank you, Lord, that we're doing... we're that body that's joined together as one.
Thank you, Lord, that we're coming together, breaking down strongholds of racial tension, division, and strife.
That we work together as one, flowing in love, just like it said in Acts chapter 2.
They were all assembled together in one accord, with one sound, with one voice.
And then the Holy Spirit came as a rushing mighty wind. Glory to God.
Coming together as a sound. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you, Diana, for helping me find those scriptures. Yes, of course.
It's beautiful. Beautiful. A great shaking to awaken is about to happen, y'all.
For they have been asleep, and the alarm bells are about to sound.
They're still sounding. It's 12 o'clock, which means it's high noon. It's way past time to get up. Lord, we worship you.
We worship you, Father, that we're that body that flows together, Father, that brings our supply.
Everyone brings their supply, Father. Glory to God. Hallelujah.
Well, praise you, Father. We thank you, Lord, that we all bring our supply. We all are that orchestra.
The finances are there to fund it, lacking no good thing in these last days.
And not only that, Father, we move together as a mighty army, like a giant.
Like Tommy Hicks'vision, we're a giant. And we are doing exactly what we should be doing together.
No lone rangers. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Well, I feel released to go now.
That was good stuff, huh? Beautiful. Amazing. Yep. Well, thank you for joining me today.
I appreciate it. It's a blessing when you show up and pray with me.
We pray as an army. We pray as the body. And we have so much work to do.
But this is what was on the Father's heart today, for his kids to come together.
I know. Oh, I hate to... I just tell y'all, please help me. Subscribe.
Subscribe if you haven't subscribed. Click the notification bell.
Say something nice down below. It helps with the algorithm.
That last video got a lot of comments from a lot of the world. They came to see the Elon Musk video.
And so that's great. I'm glad they came. Maybe they'll stick around and pray.
That's what it's all about to me anyway, because what we need to do is get this job done so we can get out of here.
Tell people about Jesus today. Tell people about Jesus. You don't have to be pushy and rude.
Just show love. Every day you show somebody love, you're showing Jesus. Just walk in love with folks and you just show them.
And the more you do that, they'll go, "Man, there's something different about them."I go to the same place to get a drink every single day, and I try every day to witness to that person in the drive-thru because they're always working, and where I get my mail, all the stuff at my post office box, I show love.
And you keep showing love to folks and they look at you and go, "There's something different about you.
We really like you."Well, it's Jesus. It's not me. You know, and that's the way the world...
the world, they don't want to hear a lot of times you hitting them in the head with the Bible.
But if you show them love, you'll get a door open and then you can share the Bible.
You know, sometimes people come around and just go, "I'm going to tell you what the Bible says and you're going to hell.
Did you know you're gay and you're going to hell? Did you know you're this?
You're transgender. You need to change."I'm going to show you love. You know how many times I...
It's grotesque to your spirit, but anytime you see that in a drive-thru, say, "God bless you,"because they're looking for attention anyway and they're looking for love.
So I just show love even more. You know what? I don't accept it, I don't condone it, but I show you love.
God bless you all. I pray this video blessed you today. And we will see you again tomorrow or whenever we have time.
Well, I'll try to do a video tonight. God bless you all. Have a wonderful, wonderful day.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you and we'll see you again. Bye-bye.